No is Chiwaｰ many in not a tanker
I would like to see this rare Gadget
I think you can see the person who watched the video until the end yesterday
In the rare gacha one time I actually pulled
Please see the previous video for the result
I think that I want to go 5 times this time
here we go
Let's look at new characters lightly
Super Saiyan Su Son Gohan Past Boy
Shokaku type this hair style and this kind of feeling that this baby is not this child
This is Nyufu Hayatari sr
Leader skill is a personal attribute of a
There is 30% of Speat Attack
Pash, which was written to inform the way, I am, I love leader
Although the management side writes with mistake passive, it is leader skill
Do Hey Hey this go Nante give the ultra-large-extra large damage to the deathblow opponent
Adjustment was also h Peter attack 30% was up I
0 of cane's wand has 20 hp and 20 attacks
25 par
I do not have Nde not 30 minutes because oh well Remember me 20 par
Yes and certain wear
Force attribute sr
Leader skills are power attributes
Attack 40% Stronger Special Move
Giving Meiji die large damage
It is possible to stay in a wooden room.
Iida
This character sounds good
The rare character until now New character maybe I might have heard it
And it is sr of Zangya early attribute
Machine force leader skills hp 50 per more than +2
Its Special Moves make great damage and reduce attack
sr seems ability Kana I think to focus District
10% of the damage that the r leader skill of skill attribute receives from the enemy
Toka Well father that it gives a large damage to the enemy
Mother or
Jiji
Barber is a junior who has the ability to hold that kind of ability.
Mido and Biro body attribute
rhp 15% There is a special move that causes great damage to the opponent
Yup
Somehow I smell the smell of the Nemek Alien This ability
Rujin land attribute r know no- this side is also really
One chisel it means Tsu Ne only known rice of new characters
Shirae leader skill is more an enemy of attribute obedience pattern
Image damages the opponent inside
The
That the seal the Kitazawa seat
It is that sorbet system This is
So even though there were 6 characters in the fact that I was out of a total of needle
If you look in a balanced manner, the final two are the strongest, so we want to earn by all means
Let's go
Play shorts go
Can place-out location
I 'm going penne at all at all not plenty
Hey, we are reviewing always gonna that Hey videos go with the guy
There is a gap between sounds
Perfection
You're perfect
Oh Well Freed's
Let's go for the second time
Thank you
I'm really up to super
I 'm coming, but I 'm looking forward to it
Yabe this
And cleaner
Join the right foot
Well year
It's been twice in a row
Figure
I 'm sorry
I was slightly off
Gohan's s all machine
And it was chucking brush I probability five Saluki
yoko
And let's go for the fourth time
I'm sorry
There three times in a row ace
Soon Thale will likely Yappa is c But new character is regrettable new
Character voice new character this r but it may be new character voice
The wearing
It Was You know how Namekku the system can
Let's go and put out ability gold
Mule Kore mood position for you
Long term v
It may be long again This is
Escape five times
Let's go
What a feeling video
Be nice super feelings this
I think there is no stress
Hey, it's stress-free
Ahn will enter
Pahon
Plan
Please wait
I me around saying that say yes this reading understanding towards the character of the details this time
Shall we go
The first time is 2 d the
I'm a police rice with communicating the good times eyes
It came Builth like to come here
This is nice to be in that state
Rice for 3rd sr Pillar who was in the machine of grann came Rice of rice came
He gave me a pan
Well on top of me to come in Anan
Come on this
It is the fourth time b who played in the mountains and mountains b how is this new character
But the ability specifically it's Kama an array called It is a terrible terrible in eh capacity basis
Seripa in the collection and out
I'll let you expect The cat is stuffed with Tsundere
Burina this guy was pretty danced'm taking the train Tteka seems not the first time of the picture tiles in the column by hand裂額
Rutsu
Please take care that everyone is that day
It will be a good show this time by saying yes
Well has come out sound it is a new event since the future direction of there
I think that the video the Sendaka last until the end
Thank you for your interest in the channel registration so we will see you again in the next video
While trying